children_Vietnam_KIDS
children_Vietnam_Nhi Đồng
children_Vietnam_Khăn Quàng Đỏ
children_Vietnam_Thiếu Nhi Dân Tộc
children_Vietnam_Tạp chí Toán Tuổi Thơ
children_Vietnam_Họa Mi
children_Vietnam_Thế Giới Tuổi Thơ
children_Vietnam_Măng Non
children_Vietnam_Rùa Vàng
children_Vietnam_Vườn Hồng
children_USA_National Geographic Kids
children_USA_Highlights
children_USA_Ranger Rick
children_USA_Sports Illustrated Kids
children_USA_Ask
children_USA_Muse
children_USA_Ladybug
children_USA_Babybug
children_USA_Click
children_USA_Time for Kids
children_India_Children's World
children_India_Chandamama
children_India_Tinkle
children_India_Champak
children_India_Magic Pot
children_India_Wisdom
children_India_Junior Quest
children_India_RobinAge
children_India_Target
children_India_Dimdima
teenager_Vietnam_Hoa Học Trò
teenager_Vietnam_Tuổi Trẻ Online (Youth Section)
teenager_Vietnam_Mực Tím
teenager_Vietnam_2! Đẹp
teenager_Vietnam_Tiếp Thị Gia Đình
teenager_Vietnam_Sinh Viên Việt Nam
teenager_Vietnam_Kênh 14
teenager_Vietnam_Yan News
teenager_Vietnam_Elle Girl Vietnam
teenager_Vietnam_Style4U
teenager_USA_Teen Vogue
teenager_USA_Seventeen
teenager_USA_CosmoGirl (defunct but influential)
teenager_USA_YPulse
teenager_USA_J-14
teenager_USA_Tiger Beat
teenager_USA_Allure
teenager_USA_Wired
teenager_USA_Rolling Stone
teenager_USA_Complex
teenager_India_Teenage Magazine India
teenager_India_Youth Incorporated
teenager_India_Femina
teenager_India_Filmfare
teenager_India_Digit
teenager_India_Auto India
teenager_India_Overdrive
teenager_India_Chip
teenager_India_Stardust
teenager_India_Gladrags
adult_Vietnam_Thanh Niên
adult_Vietnam_Tuổi Trẻ
adult_Vietnam_Phụ Nữ Việt Nam
adult_Vietnam_Doanh Nhân Sài Gòn
adult_Vietnam_Thời báo Kinh tế Sài Gòn
adult_Vietnam_Elle Vietnam
adult_Vietnam_Harper's Bazaar Vietnam
adult_Vietnam_Vogue Vietnam
adult_Vietnam_Tạp chí Cộng Sản
adult_Vietnam_Người Lao Động
adult_USA_Time
adult_USA_The New Yorker
adult_USA_The Atlantic
adult_USA_The Economist
adult_USA_National Geographic
adult_USA_Vanity Fair
adult_USA_Wired
adult_USA_Forbes
adult_USA_Bloomberg Businessweek
adult_USA_Vogue
adult_India_India Today
adult_India_Outlook
adult_India_The Week
adult_India_Femina
adult_India_Filmfare
adult_India_Business India
adult_India_Frontline
adult_India_Open
adult_India_Caravan
adult_India_Economic and Political Weekly